Update 11.2 + Update 16 (#279)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/guides/awaitedCommands.md

Awaited commands are a special type of command where the bot waits for the user's response.

## Content

> [**Used**](#used) > [**Supported Filters**](#supported-filters) > [**$awaitFunc[]**](#awaitfunc) > [**$awaitedCommand[]**](#awaitedcommand) > [**$awaitedCommandError[]**](#awaitedcommanderror) > [**Create Await command**](#create-await)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Used**](#used) > [**Supported Filters**](#supported-filters) > [**$awaitFunc[]**](#awaitfunc) > [**$awaitedCommand[]**](#awaitedcommand) > [**$awaitedCommandError[]**](#awaitedcommanderror) > [**Creating an awaited command**](#creating-an-awaited-command)
```

> ## Used

Reviewer: If you could change this header in `buttons.md` too?
```suggestion
## Functions Used
```

- [`$awaitFunc[]`](../bdscript/awaitFunc.md)
- [`$awaitedCommand[]`](../callbacks/awaitedCommand.md)
- [`$awaitedCommandError[]`](../callbacks/awaitedCommandError.md)

> ## Supported Filters

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Supported Filters
```

- `<numeric>`: Accepts only number input.
- `<word1/word2/...>`: Accepts only specified words provided inside `<>`. Use `/` as a separator for multiple words.

# $awaitFunc
Used to initiate an awaited command.

> ## Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Syntax
```

```
$awaitFunc[name;(user ID;channel ID)]
```

> ### Parameters
> - `command name` `(Type: String || Flag: Required)`: The name used inside [`$awaitedCommand[]`](#awaitedcommand) and [`$awaitedCommandError[]`](#awaitedcommanderror) callbacks.
> - `user ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Vacantable)`: The user the awaited command will trigger for. Uses command author, if `user ID` is not given.
> - `channel ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Optional)`: The channel where the command will be awaited. Uses current channel, if `channel ID` is not given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Parameters
- `command name` `(Type: String || Flag: Required)`: The name used inside [`$awaitedCommand[]`](#awaitedcommand) and [`$awaitedCommandError[]`](#awaitedcommanderror) callbacks.
- `user ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Vacantable)`: The user the awaited command will trigger for. Uses command author, if `user ID` is not given.
- `channel ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Optional)`: The channel where the command will be awaited. Uses current channel, if `channel ID` is not given.

```

## Example
```
$nomention
What do you want me to say?
$awaitFunc[say]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/212294420-acf01905-c9f5-4673-99f0-375f9d786f25.png)

> # $awaitedCommand
> _Triggered when an awaited command gets initiated._

Reviewer: This callback only runs after `$awaitFunc[]` was run and the given user sent a message in the given channel aka responded. So calling this initiation is not correct.
```suggestion

# $awaitedCommand
_Triggered when an awaited command gets responded to._
```

> `$awaitedCommand[]` is a callback, which means it's used in the command trigger (not the code). The command is ran when an awaited command gets initiated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$awaitedCommand[]` is a callback, which means it's used in the command trigger (not the code). The command is only run when an awaited command gets responded to.

```

## Syntax
```
$awaitedCommand[name;(filter)]
```

> ### Parameters
> - `name`: The name used in [`$awaitFunc[]`](#awaitfunc) function.
> - `filter`: It is used to limit user input. [Supported Filters](#supported-filters)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Parameters
- `name`: The name used in [`$awaitFunc[]`](#awaitfunc) function.
- `filter`: Used to limit user input. [Supported Filters](#supported-filters)

```

## Example
### Without filter
**Trigger: `$awaitedCommand[say;]`**
```
$nomention
$message
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/212084980-10ab6f01-5595-454f-bfe6-a23f8fd64c1e.png)
### With choose filter
**Trigger: `$awaitedCommand[odd;<yes/no/cancel>]`**
```
$nomention
$if[$message==yes]
   Your answer is correct!
$elseif[$message==no]
   Your answer is incorrect!
$elseif[$message==cancel]
   Command cancelled!
$endif
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/212088333-54a94584-f854-45cf-8b7e-6980aa370764.png)
### With numeric filter
**Trigger: `$awaitedCommand[odd;<numeric>]`**
```
$nomention
You have provided a number: $message
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/212089433-e998259a-0e74-4401-9140-a7ea4c6c3776.png)

# $awaitedCommandError
_Triggered when an awaited command doesn't match with provided filter._

> `$awaitedCommandError[]` is a callback, which means it's used in the command trigger (not the code). The command is ran when an awaited command doesn't match with provided filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$awaitedCommandError[]` is a callback, which means it's used in the command trigger (not the code). The command is only run when an awaited command doesn't match with provided filter.
```

## Syntax
```
$awaitedCommandError[name]
```

### Parameters
- `name`: The name used in [`$awaitFunc[]`](#awaitfunc) function.

## Example
**Trigger: `$awaitedCommandError[number]`**
```
$nomention
Invalid number!
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/212291974-4efa0531-d896-4aa3-ac1a-b8fa7d6794d0.png)

> # Create Await

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creating an awaited command
```

## Without filter

> 1. Create two commands with `!say` and `$awaitedCommand[say;]` triggers.
> 2. Paste the following code: Code for the command with the `!say` trigger:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Create two commands with `!say` and `$awaitedCommand[say;]` triggers.
2. Paste the following code:

Code for the `!say` command:
```

```
$nomention
What do you want me to say?
$awaitFunc[say]
```

> Code for the command with the `$awaitedCommand[say;]` trigger:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Code for the command with the `$awaitedCommand[say;]` trigger:
```

```
$nomention
$message
```

> 3. Execute command `!say`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

3. Execute command `!say`
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/212294420-acf01905-c9f5-4673-99f0-375f9d786f25.png)
## With choose filter

> 1. Create two commands with `!odd` and `$awaitedCommand[odd;<yes/no/cancel>]` triggers.
> 2. Paste the following code: Code for the command with the `!odd` trigger:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Create two commands with `!odd` and `$awaitedCommand[odd;<yes/no/cancel>]` triggers.
2. Paste the following code:

Code for the `!odd` command:
```

```
$nomention
Is '19' an odd number?
$awaitFunc[odd]
```

> Code for the command with the `$awaitedCommand[say;]` trigger:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Code for the command with the `$awaitedCommand[say;]` trigger:
```

```
$nomention
$if[$message==yes]
   Your answer is correct!
$elseif[$message==no]
   Your answer is incorrect!
$elseif[$message==cancel]
   Command cancelled!
$endif
```

> 3. Execute command `!odd`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

3. Execute command `!odd`
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/212088333-54a94584-f854-45cf-8b7e-6980aa370764.png)
## With numeric filter
1. Create two commands with `!number` and `$awaitedCommand[number;<numeric>]` triggers.

> 2. Paste the following code: Code for the command with the `!number` trigger:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Create two commands with `!number` and `$awaitedCommand[number;<numeric>]` triggers.
2. Paste the following code:

Code for the `!number` command:
```

```
$nomention
Provide a number!
$awaitFunc[number]
```

> Code for the command with the `$awaitedCommand[number;<numeric>]` trigger:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Code for the command with the `$awaitedCommand[number;<numeric>]` trigger:
```

```
$nomention
You have provided a number: $message
```

> 3. Execute command `!number`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

3. Execute command `!number`
```

Awaited commands are a special type of command where the bot waits for the user's response.

## Content

> [**Used**](#used) > [**Supported Filters**](#supported-filters) > [**$awaitFunc[]**](#awaitfunc) > [**$awaitedCommand[]**](#awaitedcommand) > [**$awaitedCommandError[]**](#awaitedcommanderror) > [**Creating an awaited command**](#creating-an-awaited-command)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Functions Used**](#functions-used) > [**Supported Filters**](#supported-filters) > [**$awaitFunc[]**](#awaitfunc) > [**$awaitedCommand[]**](#awaitedcommand) > [**$awaitedCommandError[]**](#awaitedcommanderror) > [**Creating an awaited command**](#creating-an-awaited-command)
```
